ia: add page (#7349)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ia.md

# ia

> > Command line tool to interact with archive.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Command-line tool to interact with archive.org.
```

> > Command-line tool to interact with archive.org.

Reviewer 2: Not necessary, but this highlights the URL
```suggestion
> Command-line tool to interact with `archive.org`.
```

> > Command-line tool to interact with `archive.org`.

Reviewer 3: Rolls off of the tongue wrong without it imo

```suggestion
>  A command-line tool to interact with `archive.org`.
```

Reviewer 2: I think they're both equally readable.

Author: They seem pretty much the same to me as well, and there are other examples of not starting the description with an article, for example ```tldr git``` returns "Distributed version control system."

> > Command-line tool to interact with `archive.org`.

Reviewer 4: I don't feel that `archive.org` needs to be surrounded by backticks anywhere on this page.

Reviewer 2: I think it gives a nice touch to the page:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50295997/141676839-87f71b22-1d60-480a-abdd-6fe4aaf40548.png)

Reviewer 2: @sbrl do you think we should change it anyways or can we merge?

Reviewer: I'll merge because this PR was created 16 days ago.

> More information: <https://archive.org/services/docs/api/internetarchive/cli.html>.

> - Configure ia to get your API keys; certain functions won't work without this step:

Reviewer 4: Generally we try to avoid the 2nd person (e.g. `you`, `your`, etc) in tldr-pages :slightly_smiling_face:
```suggestion
- Configure `ia` with API keys (some functions won't work without this step):
```

`ia configure`

> - Upload item(s) to archive.org:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Upload one or more item to `archive.org`:
```

> - Upload one or more item to `archive.org`:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Upload one or more items to `archive.org`:
```

> `ia upload {{identifier_value}} {{file_name}} --metadata="{{mediatype_value}}" --metadata="{{metadata_value}}"`

Reviewer 4: Perhaps this would be more consistent with other existing pages?
```suggestion
`ia upload {{identifier_value}} {{path/to/file}} --metadata="{{mediatype_value}}" --metadata="{{metadata_value}}"`
```

> `ia upload {{identifier_value}} {{path/to/file}} --metadata="{{mediatype_value}}" --metadata="{{metadata_value}}"`

Reviewer 2: We should give specific examples here
```suggestion
`ia upload {{identifier}} {{path/to/file}} --metadata="{{mediatype:data}}" --metadata="{{title:example}}"`
```

> - Download item(s) from archive.org:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Download one or more items from `archive.org`:
```

> `ia download {{item_value}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ia download {{item}}`
```

> - Delete item(s) from archive.org:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Delete one or more items from `archive.org`:
```

> `ia delete {{identifier_value}} {{file_value}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ia delete {{identifier}} {{file}}`
```

> - Search on archive.org, returning results as JSON:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Search on `archive.org`, returning results as JSON:
```

> - Search on archive.org; results are retrieved in JSON format:

Reviewer 4: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Search on archive.org, returning results as JSON:
```

> `ia search 'subject:{{subject_value}} collection:{{collection_value}}`

Reviewer 2: I think we can leave that out
```suggestion
`ia search 'subject:{{subject}} collection:{{collection}}`
```

> `ia search 'subject:{{subject}} collection:{{collection}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ia search '{{subject:"subject" collection:collection}}'`
```
